Update all existing eventing documentation to reflect removal of event-mesh (#10820)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/eventing/05-01-event-publisher-proxy.md

---
title: Event Publisher Proxy configuration
type: Configuration
---

> The Event Publisher Proxy receives legacy and Cloud Event publishing requests from the cluster workloads (microservice or Serverless functions) and redirects them to the Enterprise Messaging Service Cloud Event Gateway. It also fetches a list of subscriptions for a connected application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Event Publisher Proxy receives legacy and Cloud Event publishing requests from the cluster workloads (microservices or Serverless functions) and redirects them to the Enterprise Messaging Service Cloud Event Gateway. It also fetches a list of subscriptions for a connected application.
```

> The Event Publisher Proxy receives legacy and Cloud Event publishing requests from the cluster workloads (microservices or Serverless functions) and redirects them to the Enterprise Messaging Service Cloud Event Gateway. It also fetches a list of subscriptions for a connected application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Event Publisher Proxy receives legacy and Cloud Event publishing requests from the cluster workloads (microservices or Serverless functions) and redirects them to the NATS server. It also fetches a list of subscriptions for a connected application.
```

| CLIENT_ID               |               | The Client ID used to acquire Access Tokens from the Authentication server.                   |
| CLIENT_SECRET           |               | The Client Secret used to acquire Access Tokens from the Authentication server.               |
| TOKEN_ENDPOINT          |               | The Authentication Server Endpoint to provide Access Tokens.                                  |
| EMS_PUBLISH_URL         |               | The Messaging Server Endpoint that accepts publishing CloudEvents to it.                      |
| BEB_NAMESPACE           |               | The name of the namespace in BEB.                                                        |
| EVENT_TYPE_PREFIX       |               | The prefix of the eventType as per the BEB event specification.                                    |

## Flags

This table shows flags used by the Event Publisher Proxy.

| Flag | Default Value | Description                                                                                   |
| ----------------------- | ------------- |---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | maxRequestSize | 65536 | The maximum size of the request. |

Reviewer: I think there is no need to mention these details here, because we already have it in the component technical [docs](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/components/event-publisher-proxy).

Author: Thank you, I removed it in 339e158
